Added ABI explanation to transactions page (#5603)
ethereum/ethereum-org-website: src/content/developers/docs/transactions/index.md

With the signature hash, the transaction can be cryptographically proven that it came from the sender and submitted to the network.

### The data field {#the-data-field}

> The vast majority of transactions access a contract from an externally owned account (EOA).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The vast majority of transactions access a contract from an externally-owned account.
```

> Most contracts are written in Solidity and interpret their data field in accordance with the [application binary interface (ABI)](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/v0.8.12/abi-spec.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Most contracts are written in Solidity and interpret their data field in accordance with the [application binary interface (ABI)](/glossary/#abi/).
```

The first four bytes specify which function to call, using the hash of the function's name and arguments.
You can sometimes identify the function from the selector using [this database](https://www.4byte.directory/signatures/).

> The rest of the calldata is the arguments, [encoded as specified in the ABI specs](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/v0.8.12/abi-spec.html#formal-specification-of-the-encoding).

Reviewer: Is there a way to make this link timeless? It'll technically be out of date at every patch upgrade (especially a problem for non-English languages which aren't as frequently translated)

> The rest of the calldata is the arguments, [encoded as specified in the ABI specs](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/v0.8.12/abi-spec.html#formal-specification-of-the-encoding).

Reviewer: There is @qbzzt! If we're linking to Solidity docs using /latest/ is probably the best link to use in most cases.

```suggestion
The rest of the calldata is the arguments, [encoded as specified in the ABI specs](https://docs.soliditylang.org/en/latest/abi-spec.html#formal-specification-of-the-encoding).
```

For example, lets look at [this transaction](https://etherscan.io/tx/0xd0dcbe007569fcfa1902dae0ab8b4e078efe42e231786312289b1eee5590f6a1).

> Use **Click to see More** to see the calldata.

Reviewer: Wow etherscan capitalising the word more here is giving me bad feels 😅

Author: Me too, but they can claim it's title case.

The function selector is `0xa9059cbb`. There are several [known functions with this signature](https://www.4byte.directory/signatures/?bytes4_signature=0xa9059cbb).
In this case [the contract source code](https://etherscan.io/address/0xa0b86991c6218b36c1d19d4a2e9eb0ce3606eb48#code) has been uploaded to Etherscan, so we know the function is `transfer(address,uint256)`.

The rest of the data is:

```
0000000000000000000000004f6742badb049791cd9a37ea913f2bac38d01279
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000003b0559f4
```

> According to the specifications integer nunbers, such as addresses, appear in the ABI as 32 byte words.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
According to the specifications,  integer numbers (such as addresses) appear in the ABI as 32-byte words.
```

> According to the specifications integer nunbers, such as addresses, appear in the ABI as 32 byte words.

Reviewer: This sentence doesn't make sense @qbzzt, I'm not sure what it is supposed to say?
